All right so in the last lecture we got this working pretty good right pass was match.
All right.
Time for us to do the big things.
Beautiful.
So now the first thing that we need to do is encrypt the password.
Right.
Let's call this
all day the password actually.
I think he's going to be better than done calling it just password.
That way we can differentiate it from this password right here from the password from the forum.
So anyway let's go ahead and grab this guy right here and do this all right.
Now let's uncomment this guy right here and we are going to be using this and scaping it.
We're going to just replace this one for the updated one.
All right.
And we are using a variable here and we already do we have a variable.
No we don't have that e-mail variable anywhere.
So we need to be getting a requests as an email so we can use again requests.
All right.
There we go.
Perfect.
So once we do that all we have to do is make sure that we send Aquarion as well confirming just to make
sure that actually we don't need to confirm it once we send it in.
We're good to go.
All right.
And let's let's see action before I could get Spier right.
So let's write this secret secret.
We said All right let's see we saw it we got something in the database.
All right.
So this is a okes.
This is our password now.
By E. B.
6:09 refresh.
All right it looks like we have the same password.
We need to set these validation to something else.
I think I refresh when I click here but let's just see if we can log in.
All right.
Logon that Antar.
Let's write the e-mail.
And let's just say See.
Correct logging.
So we are able to log in with a new password so it is working.
All right.
That means that I click on this link here and they just send another request here and refresh.
And we got in this change you can post a video look at it again.
So this probably was another possible before any change.
I know that we need to do is we need to set these valuation to zero.
All right.
So we got to see this thing action again.
So we said the password to that new updated password and we are also going to play it or call my here
and we're going to set up a validation code to zero.
All right we have to do that.
And then after we are done here we could send a message.
And actually I think we have a message here.
We can write a function in the future for that if you wanted to.
Like a successful message or something like that but that's OK or we can put this inside the set message.
There's p tags.
That's OK.
So we're going to say your password has been
being updated please again and we're got to send this person or that to the lawyer page redirect.
Logan BHB That's beautiful isn't it.
That's a really nice piece of coal there.
Make sure that you write your content and your comments here so that way you know exactly what's going
on.
All right.
Make sure you have your cold really organized.
That's a really good thing to have.
And he will log out and let's go to our recovery page click here for one e-mail.
New validation code.
Let's refresh.
All right.
Double click here.
Copy
paste that Code Pink or text editor.
Copy this.
She got.
You probably have the hang of it already right.
And paste it here.
Antar get the code again
based here.
Continue.
And we can reset our password and this is going to be crazy.
So right now I'm just going to write my name and when and do.
Reset your password is being updated.
Please log in.
Now we got to change the color of this because this is like a red card and we want it to have something
like green but we know that it is working.
And now if I'm typing on and I say some other password here log in your credentials are not correct.
Let's do one.
And then my name.
Then why law.
And now we come back to our database.
We can see that is the past which starts with Friday and ends with 6 9.
If we refresh that password it starts now with a e and ends with the two.
And the validation code 0 again.
Look at that.
Isn't that cool guys.
We are actually making lot we have made a lot of progress and we have created a really awesome application
that logging in registration application.
Now all we got to do is just make it better with time.
Little by that will make it better more flexible quicker with less code will refactor some of it if
we have to.
And the sky's the limit with something like this with the knowledge that you learn in this course here
you can build any really cool log in the registration system for any application out there based on
BHB and my school.
Good job.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures.
Take care.